meridian television the name of
arnut sume systems
therefore
you come out what comes has everything
he wants every number two he no longer has
television earning us root that
start the interview
after two seasons occupying the
bottom of the standings
margarida's maritime appeared in the
2013 campaign with a renewed face and
with a super competitive box the hand
of the multi national soccer champion
álvaro guevara Spanish was noticed from
righ now
carlos the monkey bouquets that came out of
caracas with the epithet of player
finish resurfaced as figure in the arch
and even as a rock war scorer
manzanares looked little in warriors and
rojiverde became the player more
valuable tournament
strangers like the portugueseños may
see the magician or jesus vidal broke it
on the island and the team was a little step
of the final with all that momentum
ismael andrade president of the currency
insular decided to support the local cadre
charaima caciques and turn it into
daisy maritime subsidiary team
a payroll is 100% neoespartana
he went to the ring in the national league with
fight and sacrifice managed to classify
to the final maritime group I wanted more
and its president managed to impose the
candidacy of the assumption as headquarters
for this group of the 2013-2014
today on futsal tv we bring you a program
special dedicated entirely to the
participation of the cacique team
charaima in the week
Venezuelan futsal
did the draw that the island debut
outside in front of one of the favorites to the
star the picture of the futsal teques
a set that he gathered on his payroll to
very good talents of the capital area
after a nice inaugural act with
choreography of typical dances
margarita the green red the bombonerita
of the national football team received their
gladiators to start the hard
path that leads to the final
he rolls the ball in the green
red
with pota rodríguez enables calf and
very good goalkeeper adel mendoza
charaima began to disturb the fence
mirandina
those of house cover the exit of the rival and
with that pressure they can reach the first
gol obra de luís acosta
charaima was looking for the second
Compote runs the lateral putting
the brown rabbit that first finishes off
to achieve the tie
the margariteños had this chance
before going to the dressing rooms
the 11 is reflected in the score for the
second half
guevara and pedrosa greet the starter
of the complement brought to a team
much more aggressive visitor
kevin rengifo stole a ball and overtakes
to teques use
would fall a little more for each team
to round a final score of 2
goals against 3 charaima started with the
left foot your transit in this
liguilla
the excitement of futsal returns to
Daisy flower
the red green will vibrate again with the
incidences of the fourth tournament superior
of futsal
margarita's maritime sport has already
made history but now it comes with
want more
again with the world champion of
benches visitors will feel the
pressure to play against 6
from next July 18 the maritime
of daisy jump to the boards
of the country with the goal of conquering
top and you will enjoy it through your
futsal tv program
Cut the uniform factory and store
of sporting goods in general is
located in the corner candelaria
souls in the avenue urdaneta orders
by mail store forte gmail.com or
by telephones 5 6 4 6 7 14 and 56 40
307 I cut the uniform factory
sports
It is a world leader in air conditioning
precision brings to Venezuela its innovator
silver air 3 system with its
revolutionary easy fan technology
designed for energy saving and
increase in the profitability of their
computer equipment units with
Capacity from 3.5 to 30 tons
Refrigeration do not sell boxes
We integrate solutions adapted to the
needs of each client
'is tools German technology winner
of the frost and sullivan 2013 award as
leading product in europe is distributed
exclusively for venezuela by arnut
sumé systems
yanayma fell into the debut and it only works
the victory against guaros to continue with
life we will see when we return to the league